[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with retired SEAL Team
Six Chief Petty
Officer Michael Jaco,
who has over 35 years of
extensive combat experience,
including 11 years as
a CIA security officer.
Michael, welcome to the show.
>> Emery, great to be here.
Thank you for having me.
>> From your Space
Force experience,
can you tell us some things
about some of the combat
technology that you
were exposed to?
>> Combat technology is one
of the greatest things that is
happening in the Space Force.
So I had a great advanced
training in that weaponry.
I have memories of using
different technologies.
One of them is a
plasma light one.
And the same thing
with knives-- so
knives and also
swords of plasma.
Then we went into different
technologies of weaponry.
So the weaponry I
remember as not like
we have today where you
have bullets, a magazine,
with maybe 20, 30 rounds, or
if you have a drum on a machine
gun of 100 rounds.
Weaponry and
munitions that we have
is in the thousands of
rounds per magazine.
So when you put a
magazine in some
of these weapons, these
pulse energy weapons,
it shoots out a pulse
energy that goes out
and hits a target.
And it's almost like
the nanotechnology.
It hits it and then
starts to break it down.
So very, very
advanced technologies.
It's made so that when you
bring it up and fire it,
it conforms to your body
or to your body armor.
Because we wear different
types of body armor
that will make us bigger
or smaller or whatever,
the weaponry actually
conforms to your body,
knowing just the right
length it needs to be.
And then you start
to use these weapons.
>> You mentioned these suits
and these amazing weapons.
Did they ever have,
like-- did you have,
like, special helmets that
are linked to the system?
>> The helmet systems have a
dropdown ocular little space
where it's all kinds
of technologies in it.
And whatever you need
as far as technology,
whether it's night vision,
whether it's thermal,
all these different things will
operate on the ocular cavity.
And you can actually
bring down the screen
so it is across your
whole face, as well.
>> So like a heads-up
display type thing?
>> Heads-up display that
manifests in front of you
so that you can actually
walk and still see things,
and you still have information.
So it's information they'll
give you, like time to target,
distance to target, as
you're patrolling in,
or direction you need to go.
It's all there.
So the navigation
equipment that normally we
have to drop down and
look at, it's right there
in front of your face,
and it's at a level that's
far more advanced than
anything I've ever seen.
>> It is quite extraordinary.
Have you ever had to have
an implant in your body
put in so you could
utilize the weapons
and utilize other
things like your suits?
>> I've had implants
for different things,
and one of those was for
looking-glass technology.
Looking-glass
technology basically
allows you to see forward
in time on the battlescape.
So I'm actually able to see how
the mission's going to turn out
before we even go in.
Now, that changes as we move in.
So I'm constantly monitoring
that instead of me
having a heads-up display or
having an iPad-type device
that I need to look at and
see what's going on now.
So you're getting that from
the actual looking glass.
So we sometimes won't
even hit a target
until we get a good information
from the looking glass
technology it's time.
>> Explain this looking glass.
Is it a certain type of AI?
I mean, obviously,
it's definitely
running an algorithm for you
to accomplish the mission.
>> Yeah.
I think of it as
the mind of God.
So I'm looking at
I'm connecting with it.
So we talked about how you have
to have advanced consciousness
for a lot of these
different craft,
for these weapon systems, and to
be able to operate many of them
simultaneously and communicate
with your teams telepathically.
It's the same thing with the
looking glass technology.
Now, I've had an implant
that was in my shoulder that
allowed me to communicate.
So it communicated with
my brain neural link.
So we think of neural link now.
With Tesla technology,
everybody's like, no,
you don't want to get
the neural-- like, I
don't know what that's like.
But I know in the
space program--
that is, the Space Force--
it's absolutely phenomenal.
So like I said, we've
used nanotechnologies
which are positive.
And we also have neural
links which are positive,
things that help us
communicate with each other,
communicate with source, source
field energy and so forth.
That force basically is a force
to boost through all things,
and we learn how to connect
with that in the Space Force.
>> What other weapons
can you talk about?
>> Other weapon systems that
I like are this one that sends
out a pulse.
Now, when it sends
out a pulse, it's
like a field of energy
that goes around.
It surrounds something and
doesn't allow that target
to do anything.
It almost incapacitates
them, freezes them.
That's one of my
favorite weapon systems,
because then we can actually--
if we need to interrogate
or if we need to
bring them back--
they're maybe a thief
or maybe a murderer
or whatever it is-- and the
galactic council or whatever
wants them for
whatever reason, then
we capture them and put them in
this one little freezing device
type thing.
It freezes all energy,
all thought energy.
So they won't be able
to communicate with us
and try and say, hey, let me go.
So this particular energetic
field device stops all action,
stops all nerve functions.
It lets them at least have
enough circulatory system
function that keeps them alive.
But other than that,
everything shut down.
>> So tell us, scientifically,
what is this energy field that
contains the prisoner?
>> Everything is energy.
We've learned how to
make atomic energy.
make energy so we have
spaceships to fly to the moon.
This is all this energy.
So we have learned how to use
energy in very positive ways
and obviously, sometimes--
if we have to-- negative ways--
a pulse energy that goes out
that basically
destroy something.
So this is a pulse energy device
that basically pulses out.
It creates a field of energy--
quantum connection.
We want it to work
a certain way.
The energy goes out.
Just like we can use
energy to create food--
we actually have devices that
create food on our aircraft
and so forth.
Or here on Earth, we have
those technologies too.
They're kind of not
disclosed yet, but kind of
like a little microwave.
You plug in what you want the--
the energy, once it comes in--
what you want it to conform to.
Like, I want a pizza.
So that energy
forms into a pizza.
So these energy
fields are something
we've learned how to work
with very early on where
we learn the vibration
of certain objects.
This is the same process,
a vibrational field
which basically freezes all
activity within its field.
I don't understand completely
all of these energy fields
and technologies,
but I have memories
that are coming through
where I work with them.
>> Where do these
technologies arise from?
>> A lot of them arise from
us, from back engineering some
of the ET technology
which we've gotten.
We've done a lot of
different things with it.
That's just one aspect.
We look at throughout the
past, our past here on Earth.
The military usually gets
a lot of technologies,
and they're very
advanced with them,
which I can say they are
very advanced with them,
very, very far more
advanced than we have.
And that's by design
because we want
the best for our troops to
be able to handle situations.
If we're technologically
superior,
a lot of times we
won't get messed with.
So that's kind of what we're
doing in the Space Force.
We take technologies.
We're constantly evolving them.
In the earlier days when we used
these technologies to dominate
other groups--
and here on Earth,
they were used to
dominate other groups--
the ETs weren't so forthgiving
unless it was to their benefit,
and they were
negative because they
wanted to use that
negative technology
for negative enslavement
and so forth.
So as we've advanced, as
we've become more at one,
these loving technologies
or loving energies
that we're using
now, now they're
starting to cooperate
more with us.
They're giving even
more higher technology.
So instead of
killing that being,
we're able to
capture that being.
And that's far more
superior in the long run
than actually blowing
something to smithereens,
and no one really
wins in the long run.
>> In your regression
with Barbara Lamb,
you did mention love being
a mechanism to defeat evil.
Let's take a look at that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> The biggest wow for me was
the love vibration that they
were teaching us, because
I'd learn how to be very,
very militaristic, very focused,
working with the Nazi groups.
They were always very
angry, very negative
in the way they trained.
There was-- sometimes
they used fear.
They tried to use fear.
Even though we were
trained not to have fear,
they tried to use that
as a manipulation tool.
The Venusians were
never like that at all.
There was no fear.
It was not part of
their consciousness.
Very, very loving, very
gentle, very beautiful people.
They've helped us
to build starships.
to integrate love
into different technologies, how
to take our vibrational fields
and shift them to other
people, to other beings,
in a positive way.
If they were feeling
low, negative, you
could take your very
positive field of energy
and direct it to them and
change their energy fields
and help them.
Sometimes it would be
of a healing nature.
Sometimes it would just
be of an uplifting nature.
And you could see the physical
effect on these people
when you did that.
So these were some of
the things that we were
trained by the Venusians to do.
And as we got very,
very adept at that,
then we would take that into
our actual battle space.
We started to connect
with our enemies
and change the field of our
enemies to more positive.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> How do you define
love as a technology?
>> It's an excellent question.
And when I did that
regression, it really
brought up a lot of stuff,
a lot of stuff that I've
been advanced in here.
But it took me to a different
level in the Space Force.
So in the Space
Force, we use love
in a lot of different ways.
It's a consciousness,
yes, but we also
can connect that consciousness
with different technologies.
Now, if we look
at, here on Earth,
the Venusians basically
work with Eisenhower
and helped Eisenhower advance
the technologies and starships
and starfleets and so forth.
Then we look at even Apple
computer Steve Jobs, I believe,
was influenced by Venusians.
He put that into
the Apple computer.
Steve Jobs was, I think, a
very loving, very giving soul,
just like the Venusians
are teaching us.
So that's technology that we are
all integrated with right now.
Now, in the Space Force, that
goes to an incredibly high-tech
level.
So not only do we have it within
our smart devices like we're
seeing on Earth, which are
far more advanced in the Space
Force than we're seeing here,
but also in the technologies
of the ship.
So the ship itself,
the technology--
we look at crystalline
energies and so forth.
There's actual love connection
that crystalline structures
have with us.
So once we connect with
that crystalline energy,
we integrate it into different
things like technologies
in our own brain.
Our pineal gland has a
crystalline structure on it--
the calcite crystals that are
actually on the pineal gland.
So crystalline structures not
only within our own bodies
but also in our craft, in our
weapon systems, and so forth
help us to make those informed
and unbelievable decisions.
So love-- every time we're using
these different technologies,
people are like, you're shooting
something, you're having love?
Yes.
You have that love energy.
It's a quantum level
of a connection.
That quantum-level
connection allows
us to go to different
levels with it.
So if we didn't have
that love connection
with our technologies,
they wouldn't respond at--
>> Are you saying--
Michael, are you saying that
the crystalline structure
of your body and DNA
is also connected
to these weapons and craft and
that's how this is relayed?
>> That's a fantastic
question, because, yes, it is.
And I think once people start
to understand that, that even
with our computers that we
have now, even with the iPads,
there's crystalline
structure within there,
and once you start to understand
it, you start to link--
because that iPad is
definitely linking with you,
as we're starting to see.
If you link with it, you can
start to actually control that.
And I've done that with a
lot of my smart technology
here on Earth.
It happens in the Space Force
on an unbelievable level.
>> Yeah, I get very
frustrated after coming out
of the projects and I'm
faster than the computer.
>> Yeah, that's true.
So that's what we're also
seeing in the Space Force,
that we're far ahead of some of
the technologies that's there.
And that's because we're
on a quantum level.
They're higher
dimensional awareness.
dimensional technologies.
And once you make that
conscious connection with it,
then it allows you to go to
these unbelievable levels.
Now, one thing I did when
I was in the SEAL teams
was I did the same thing.
So this is one thing
that I'm learning
that the same connection that
I have in the Space Force
is very similar to some of the
things I've experienced here.
So I was able to draw my weapon
and fire it three times at head
targets and hit
three head targets
within less than a second.
So there were a
lot of us that were
trained to do it at that speed.
The same thing would
happen with my knife.
I could draw my knife and
hit into the ocular cavity,
into the brainstem,
in 0.3 seconds.
>> Michael, who are
we fighting in space?
>> Well, just like we have
here, there are negative groups.
You wouldn't go in some
neighborhoods alone.
And you won't go into some
neighborhoods in space
without having good weaponry.
And to think that everything
is all love and peace,
it doesn't happen here on Earth,
and it doesn't happen in space.
So there are problems in
space that we overcome.
But we're overcoming them.
There is peace,
peacefulness in space.
We're higher consciousness, yes.
Eventually, when we rise
to a higher consciousness--
even in space--
here on Earth eventually,
there is less fighting.
So that's our goal, to raise
the consciousness in space
and stop out some of
these warring groups.
That's the biggest obstacle
that we have right now,
warring groups that,
just like here on Earth,
they're very materialistic.
They're very egoic, and
they want to control,
and they want to master people.
That's what we're overcoming
in the Space Force.
>> You speak about love
and light amongst the stars
and these
extraterrestrial races.
But there's also a
war going on of sorts.
>> Well, these-- it's not
necessarily a war throughout
the galaxy, although
those have existed before.
Mainly there's
pockets of negativity
that we have to
address on occasion.
>> How is that addressed?
How is that measured?
>> How that's measured,
basically, is,
just like we have here on Earth,
like we talked about earlier,
we have human--
or even ET trafficking.
It's not just humans
are being trafficked.
Also other ET races are
being trafficked and sold
into slavery.
But there's also the
weaponry and the drugs
and stuff like that.
Same thing we see on the
Earth is happening in space.
Now, we think of, like, we're
raising our consciousness,
like we talk about with the
Venusians and stuff like that.
Not everyone is exposed to that.
Just like we had here on Earth,
we had the peace, love, hippie
movement, but still we
had the Vietnam War.
They were trying
to stop that out,
and it didn't work,
unfortunately.
So we still have
these resistances
to the peace and love
that are out there.
So we're trying to finesse that.
We're trying to get
to raise consciousness
as much as we can to come in
and deal with those situations.
But, still, sometimes
you have to come in hard.
That's what a lot of
people here on Earth know.
They only know
force, unfortunately.
If you come at ETs
with finesse and force,
it works out a lot better.
There's less destruction.
There's less
negativity long term.
You're trying to come in
and mitigate these problems
the best that you can.
>> Is there are some sort
of control factor amongst
the extraterrestrials and Earth?
Is someone puppeteering
our planet?
>> Oh, yeah.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
The puppeteering's been
going on for thousands
of years, millenia.
And we progressed at one point
during the Atlantean-Lemurian
era, and there was a big war.
Now, I just spoke
recently with someone
that had insights into that.
Pleiadians were
helping us evolve.
And they still are.
They've come back.
And actually, they
help us a great extent.
But that love energy,
like we're talking about,
if it's not always
there, someone
can come in and dominate.
And that's what happened during
the Lemurian-Atlantean time
frame where we had a Draco
Reptilian force that came
in and basically dominated--
subjugated humanity.
They infiltrated a group
and coerced that group--
kind of like what
we're seeing now--
to go negative and try
and enslave humanity,
and that group
went along with it,
and there was
destruction that happened
during Lemuria and Atlantis.
Now, they were 5D
back then, something
we're trying to get to now.
We're 4D, moving
to 5D right now.
But it's still going to
take a little bit of effort.
That same resistance
and problems
that we're experiencing
here on Earth
happen in other
areas of the galaxy.
But we're one of the last ones.
We're the last to hold
out here on Earth.
Everybody's kind of looking,
waiting, and watching.
>> Now, some people theorize
that space combat technology
does actually affect timelines.
Could you enlighten us
a little bit about that?
>> Oh, absolutely.
So I was involved
in timeline wars
for a period of several years.
So-- and it's still ongoing.
It's still happening
right now as we speak.
These timeline
wars, for my memory,
was there was a group
of us-- usually four--
that would sit in
these basically chairs.
We'd be back to
back to each other.
And there was, like, a
large tube in the center.
And there was a ball of
light that went around.
There were probes, I think,
that went into our heads.
And they basically
maintained our bodies
while our consciousness and our
body form went back in time.
That was plugged in.
There was different
technologies for determining
where we would go to.
And that was determined
by the actions
that we're seeing
from the future.
So, from the
future, we would see
anomalies that were
happening where
things were supposed to be
working out a certain way
and they were changed.
One of those was that
Lincoln was not assassinated
and then that Lincoln
was assassinated,
that the Civil War
was won by the South
and the Civil War
was won by the North.
So these manipulations of these
timelines are still ongoing.
And we have to go back in time
and stop those groups out--
so usually four-man
teams and they
have historical understanding of
what happened during that time
frame.
They're in historical gear.
They have clothing from
that historical time frame.
And they go in,
and they stop out
another group that's
trying to change
the timeline by
assassinating the president
or assassinating
a business figure
or assassinating a key
person in time that
is going to have an effect
that ripples up in time.
And from the future,
we see these changes.
So we have different
timelines that are constantly
in action are all around us.
There are groups
that try to push us
into a negative timeline
where they have control.
And then we have to go back
and stop that so it comes back
into the right timeline.
So there's a lot
of manipulations
on a lot of different
levels that happen.
>> We could do a whole
episode just on this alone.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> But let's go look at your
regression about time wars.
>> Absolutely.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Around the time frame where
I was 21 to 24 years old,
I was involved in the early
stages of the time war.
There could only be for
people that could travel.
We were set up in a grid where
we would lie back in a chair,
and our heads were
all close together.
And there was, like,
some light equipment
that was at the head that would
spin around that would change
the vibration.
There was a setting that was
put into this particular time
machine that would
transport us back
to an era where we knew
there was going to be
a manipulation of the time.
The group that was
normally involved in this
were trying to change the
consciousness on Earth
to a negative time frame.
There are many
timelines that exist.
Some timelines, like we exist
on right now, are very solid.
And all around us are
multiple different timelines.
In the space program, we
started to literally transport
in spacecraft back in time
so that we could have groups
of warriors that could go back
and fix the timelines to battle
against those that were trying
to change the timelines.
My role, at first during
the timeline wars,
was as a soldier in the
early days, in my early 20s.
Then, eventually, I would
be in charge of ships.
Then I would be in
charge of whole groups,
calculating how these timeline
wars were being manipulated.
Sometimes we see a ripple.
There's instrumentation
that we can see
when they ripple a timeline.
And it changes different things
that are happening currently.
And then we send people
back to go research it
and find out what
has been manipulated.
And a lot of times, we'll
find that they have actually
changed an event
in history that was
meant to happen and make the
timeline perfect the way it
was.
Higher-dimensional
beings are what helps us
with these timeline wars.
They keep us informed.
They're the ones that are giving
us the technology, oftentimes.
Five and six-- seven
sometimes-- dimensional beings--
their consciousness can
detect this information.
They can detect
the manipulations.
Where we would look
at something and we'd
see something's not right,
they can tell us instantly
that the timeline
has been changed.
We are in the present.
Then there's future selves that
are monitoring the timeline.
And if they see a ripple in
the timeline, in the future,
then they connect with us.
They contact us
and let us know--
those that are involved
in the timeline wars--
that we need to do
research and find out
what is happening
in a certain ripple.
We trace it back.
We go back, and we fix
that ripple in time.
It's a track that doesn't
lead to a good ending.
It's a track that leads
into a future that
is very dark, very difficult
for humanity and other ET races.
So pushing those timelines
back towards where
they're supposed to be is part
of the timeline wars agenda.
As we go back in time, as we fix
things, more things get broken.
There's a continual
war that happens.
It's a war that's going
on right now, constantly.
The only way to fix
these is to eliminate
the ones that are causing
these timeline wars.
This takes time.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Michael, tell us a
little bit more about that.
>> It's a fascinating subject
and one that I've seen a lot
of people talk about.
So we think that time travel--
maybe we just started doing it.
No, it's been going on for
a very, very long time.
And we can actually fly back in
specialized craft into the past
or even into the
future if we need to,
but normally into the
past because that's
where the timeline
changes are happening.
So we go back in time,
and we hit a certain point
where our computers
are taking us
or our instrumentation says that
this is where the action is.
So we come in, and we find
those different groups
that are causing the problem.
We stop them out.
So there's a war.
So there's actually fighting
that sometimes is going on.
People die.
Now, in the early
days, this technology
wasn't so advanced, though.
You had to have particular
people that were involved in it
because they would-- their
consciousness would get
scrambled or they
would get PTSD--
like we talk about
now-- to a point
where they would not work
out in the future or anymore.
So I saw the technology
advancing over time.
Today, it's extremely advanced.
We can go and stop this
stuff out very, very rapidly.
>> When did we first
start time traveling?
>> So it's actually a little
before I was involved in it.
I think it goes all the
way back to the '60s.
When I was involved with
it was in the early '80s.
I was in my 20s in
the Space Force.
So I volunteered
for the program.
I knew the program
had been ongoing.
I was intrigued by it.
I was always into history.
I loved history.
So that was one of
the things that they
wanted, as well, someone that
was very historically astute.
So I was very astute in
history because I studied it
for a long time.
And then they sent me
back with another group.
So we were very effective
in the early days.
It became harder and
harder as technology
advanced on either side.
So their technology
would get better.
When we flew back sometimes,
they would destroy aircraft,
and sometimes we
got stuck in time,
and somebody had
to come rescue us.
So there's lots of
different things
that were and are happening
in those timeline wars.
>> Was it a craft that you
traveled, or is it a portal?
How do you get back and forth?
You mentioned a craft.
Are these time-traveling crafts?
>> They can be
time-traveling craft.
But there have been portals
that have been open in the past.
In the early days, like
in the '60s and so forth,
they were using portaling
to send people back,
and that had a lot
of problems with it.
>> Definitely had.
>> And--
>> And many people have
been lost in those programs.
>> Right.
So I got involved in it.
It was actually-- like I said,
you were rooted at one time.
And then they got to the
point where we actually
have craft that actually
travel back in time.
So these craft are
designed in a way
that they can move at an
extremely fast rate, faster
than the speed of light.
They move back to
a certain period
and then link with a certain
timeline, land, and those guys
get out, do their mission.
I was involved in
a few of those.
That technology has
advanced even more.
So there's even
more craft that have
been designed that are even
faster, can hold more people.
At first, it was
just a few people
that could go back--
three or four people.
Now, there can be groups
of up to 25-30 can go back.
>> Before we wrap this up,
could you please tell me,
who is the Space Force?
>> That's an excellent
question because there's lots
of different ET races that
are involved in this secret--
not secret in the Space Force
but secret for us on Earth.
But when we're out
in space, there's
all kinds of different
ETs are involved.
That kind of disclosure
will eventually
happen here on Earth.
People were still not
completely up to speed
on their ET brothers
and sisters we
have that are actually
among us right now.
And so that's going
to be a little
shocking for some people.
But most of us, I
think, are to the point
where we're like, OK,
we're ready for this.
Let's just move on.
Let's get this show on the road.
In the Space Force,
we're completely involved
with other ET races--
completely.
It's at an undescribable level.
And the cooperation,
the loving intent
that we've been talking about
is there in the Space Force.
And that-- as we
move forward, we'll
become more and
more aware of that.
But here on Earth, in our
Space Force, it's just humans.
Now, there may be still an
ET influence, like we saw--
like I talked about with
the Eisenhower era where
the Venusians came in and
helped out and other positive ET
races--
Arcturians, Andromedans, and--
there's many, many different--
Pleiadians and so forth.
So all of these
different races are--
in secret-- involved
to a certain level
and, in some levels,
at a very great level.
So as we move forward, we'll
see more and more of that.
But the Space
Force here on Earth
is pretty much humanoid, period.
>> You talk about the
Earth, the Space Force.
Like, who on Earth is
that default program?
Is it the Americans?
Is it the Russian?
Is it from China?
>> Every country.
So every country has
humans in the Space Force
because there's only
a certain amount
of people that can
handle the consciousness
and the energies that are
demanded of the Space Force.
So they look throughout all--
which is a beautiful
thing once you
start to understand that all
of humanity here on Earth
right now, as a
collective, can be
very valuable in the Space Force
if we start to learn about it.
But at this point right now,
there's just a chosen few
from each country over
time that have been
pulled into the Space Force.
>> Michael, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always a
pleasure to have you.
>> It's a pleasure
being here, Emery,
and I've had such great time.
Thank you for sharing all the
information that you have.
And in the future, I look
forward to sharing more.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]